---
title: louise hickman, kevin gotkin, and the in-between
order: 78
is-in-chapbook: true
audio: 
---
Kevin is in two places at once. They are on their couch, buoyed by pillows, looking past the camera the way presidents often do in portraits. They are a scruffy white person with short brown hair. They wear asymmetrical gold hoop earrings and a gold chain necklace gifted by a group of friends for their 32nd birthday. On a shelf behind their couch at home in Lenapehoking, there are three plants: two ZZs and a Crown of Thorns. But they are at home only on the screen of a laptop that is elsewhere, in London, on the kitchen counter of the photographer, Louise Hickman, who is a very small square in the top right of the Zoom window where she is remotely joined to Kevin for this portrait. Kevin-on-screen is atop a small box on the table, just behind a mug that says I ❤️ LONDON. Behind the screen there is a Money Plant and a Jade Plant, just behind the part of the screen where Kevin's plants are at home so that they almost seem to be one unit of houseplants, except Kevin's are a scale smaller on the screen. On the wall behind is the bottom of a poster that says SAN FRANCISCO. And there's an outlet with a white MacBook power cable that snakes along and loops into the side of the computer, like Kevin themself is plugged into the wall and might disappear if unplugged. This is an intentionally crafted aesthetic of remote crip connection, an ordinary scene of Kevin and Louise's friendship and collaborations.
